so in the reading we talked about or the
reading described adversarial methods
from a very kind of like machine
learning point of view um as I went back
and read it I realized that it was maybe
not described in the most systematic
ways so I'm going to try to describe it
in a slightly more a systematic way here
Oh
although chapter two was actually very
good at putting it in perspective with
other things if you already knew what
other things were but anyway I will I'll
go through and explain with respect to
so generative models as as we've talked
about before we have using generative
models we can either generate a sentence
randomly from some distribution or
generate a sentence conditioned on some
other information using a distribution
like this actually I realized I got X&Y
backwards here usually we have X
conditioned on X and outputting Y but
these are very useful um one good thing
about the reading was why generative yes
the question why generative models I
would have put it may be a little bit of
a different way there's a lot of reasons
why you could like generative models
some of them are that you can learn
about the world like they like was
explained in the reading material
another one is that you can actually use
generative models to do classification
for example if you train a very good
generative model that models the joint
probability probability of x and y you
can also use that to to do
classification or whatever is one
problem with generation in the main
motivating recent behind ganz yeah is
that generative models can create very
unnatural outputs if they're not trained
well or if they get in a conditional
gender
a generative model if you get an input
that you don't know what to do with
really so this is a very good example so
the real image is on the left the middle
image is here and this was generated by
something using regular maximum
likelihood estimation and then the one
on the right is one generated using an
adversarial technique and the thing you
notice immediately about the things
using maximum likelihood is they're
fuzzy or blurred and this is a problem
for images for text this can also be
basically seen in the generation results
when you for example take a dialog
system and no matter what you ask it it
says I don't know like every every time
you ask it to generate an output it says
I don't know and you get a very common
[Music]
so one important thing to note about
this is if you have a generative model
that's not necessarily wrong seeing I
don't know all the time because you you
think if you think about it in dialog
there's a lot of a variety and maybe
when you say what is your name if you
say what is your name most people will
say my name is something but because
everybody has a different name that's
something at the end of the sentence
becomes very very spread sparse and
spread out so then maybe there's one
percent or maybe there's five percent of
very strange people who say I don't know
when you ask them their name but that
five percent might be higher than all of
the other names in the corpus so I don't
know is a rational answer so this is a
really big problem with regular
generative models or that use something
like maximum likely because they just
try to find the most likely thing and
another thing they tried to do is they
try to be safe in their output they
tried not to predict anything really
unusual in one that have
so you get a very boring boring output
yes so the idea behind adversarial
training basically is to create a
discriminator that criticizes some
aspect of the generated output um you
can use this in basically - there's
probably other ways you can use this but
the way people tend to use this is
basically in two different paradigms one
is generative adversarial networks what
these try to do is they try to criticize
the generated output so you generate an
output and then you have a discriminator
that criticizes this output and it says
whether it's good or not another thing
is adversarial feature learning so you
don't actually directly criticize the
output itself but you criticize the
features learned by the model and then
you use that to improve your output
indirectly so these are two different
things I'm going to talk about each of
them in turn here so the first one which
was the topic of the reading was
generative an adversarial networks and
the basic paradigm is we have two
players a generator and a discriminator
and up to generate natural-looking
output um oh sorry it's the
discriminators job given an image or an
output tried to decide whether it is
real or not and for the generator the
generator tries to generate an image or
output that looks to that fools the
discriminator into answering wheel so if
we go back to this example I think the
reason why this works becomes very
intuitive um if you have a regular
maximum-likelihood trained model it will
choose to be fuzzy because it's safer to
kind of generate a fuzzy image that
looks like a lot of other average images
than it is to generate a very sharp
image and maybe get it very wrong
site that tries to measure the
difference between missing this and if
the discriminator correct leave essence
that the generated image is fake then
the discriminator wins in the generator
losses so the generators parameters get
updated to try to prevent Marin County
um so it's very very easy to tell the
difference between these two generated
images because one is very fuzzy in the
neural network can detect fuzzy images
it's they're good enough to do that
similarly for dialog responses I don't
know it's very easy to detect right um
Miney the difference between my name is
Joe and my name is John is not very easy
to detect so if you have outputs that
tend to look that tend to look fake
they'll get penalized or tend to look
generated will get penalized is it clear
I'll talk about the specific training
method next I should just add that I
think this is a really good great idea
it's a very very nice idea and it's
executed very well so I think it's
useful in a lot of places although I'll
explain about some of the drawbacks in
so basically that the training method
here is we have our big data base um
right now I'm going to talk about a
regular generative model it's not a
condition condition to generative model
but we have a database of training
examples maybe these are sentences and
English then from this we randomly
sample a mini batch a sentence or a mini
batch worth of sentences and that gives
us X real then we randomly sample latent
variables like we used in the variation
a lot of encoder maybe we sampled them
from a Gaussian distribution or
something like that
and then based on these latent variables
we use the generator to convert them and
to generate this X fake so these are
fake examples
then we we take the discriminator and we
predict whether these are real or fake
for each of the examples that we
generated and then we have two varieties
of loss we have the loss that's used to
update the parameters of the
discriminator and so we do back
propagation and we we go back and update
the parameters of the discriminator then
we have a generator loss and we do back
prop all the way back through the
discriminator into the generator and
update the parameters of the generator
and the important thing here is
basically the discriminator loss will be
higher if if we fail predictions so it
will try to make the discriminator more
accurate
well the generator and loss is higher if
we make predictions accurately about
real or fake so we have these two
competing losses so you can you can view
the discriminator as a generator as is
competing against each other are there
any questions okay okay
so doing this in equations the
discriminative loss function this is
just the same as the paper basically we
want to optimize the expected negative
log like our loss function is the
expected negative log likelihood for
both the data and and the generated
samples where D is the discriminator
probability basically the probability of
the data being true and so we based on
this we give a high probability yeah
maybe on the right that should be a low
probability for fake data so we want to
give a high probability for real data
and a low probability for fake data and
then the generator loss function there
were two examples of this shown here so
the first one was a zero-sum loss so do
people know what a know about the idea
of a zero-sum game from economics or
game theory or whatever um so a zero-sum
game is like when you go into a casino
and you start spending money in gambling
either you win or the casino wins either
your money goes to the casino where the
casinos money goes to you and if you add
them together you get zero so that's
called a zero-sum game in game theory or
economics or something like that the
idea here behind the zero-sum loss is
your generator loss is the opposite of
your discriminator loss so either your
generator wins or your discriminator
wins the the second one is the heuristic
non saturating game loss is the name in
the in the reading material this was a
rather grandiose name but basically what
they do is the the switch
what's
I don't know if that looks great
I might have the I might have decided
messed up here something like that but I
think basically the idea here is that
you want the you want the probability or
no no that's right I'm sorry you want
the probability of real to be high for
the for the fake examples and so the
generator what's this probability the
probability of real to be high for the
fake examples the discriminator wants
the probability of of real to be low for
the fake examples so this seems like a
very kind of small difference but
actually it it results in a big
difference when the discriminator is
very very accurate if the discriminator
is extremely accurate and it gets it
almost right almost all of the time this
was-- the discriminator loss will be
very small
it'll be very almost zero so if you just
that means when the discriminator is
very very accurate you're discriminator
loss and here's a generator loss will be
very close to zero which means you won't
get any updates on the other hand if you
use this one when the discriminator loss
is very close to zero this loss will
actually be very large so you'll be
doing very large updates of your
generator to try to get it out of the
state where the discriminator loss it's
bad so that that's the idea of this
um so and any questions about that
no okay um so there are problems with
training so in general Gans are a really
neat idea
basically it's we want to we want to
generate something that looks real and
we can train a network that decides
whether it looks real or not
but there are lots of problems with
training training against effectively um
and I think a lot of these problems are
similar to the problems we have with
other methods like reinforcement
learning but one major method that we we
get with Gans or one major problem that
we get with Gans is that is called mode
collapse so basically the idea is that
the generator learns to map all Z to a
single X and the training data so there
was this very abstract example I guess
there was this very abstract example and
the the reading material that had like
five gaussians and was trying to explain
how how things converge onto one
gaussian but just to make it a little
bit more concrete let's say our our
training data is is Graham I teaches
and one of these is allied minute but
anyway so this is our training data and
in regular maximum-likelihood we want
the ideal or what is the ideal
probability that our model could give to
each of these for a language model what
is what is the best possible like
language model probability that we could
give to each of these sentences any
ideas
this is not a it's not a trick question
the answer is actually pretty simple
anybody brief enough 1/3 1/3 1/3 so you
get an equal probability to each of the
sentences and this is the ideal maximum
likelihood such a solution the reason
why we know this is because the solution
that maximizes the entropy of the
distribution one that gives a uniform
distribution to all the things in our
data so this maximum likelihood
basically we can generate any of these
and we'll generate any of them with
equal probability but the problem with
games and mode collapse is basically a
single example at the very beginning of
training what it can do is it can find a
single example that exists in the
training data and then generate it all
the time it will basically all the time
the discriminator will have a little bit
of trouble with that because that
example is included in both the training
data and your and your testing data or
and your and your generated fake data
this is not the ideal solution but you
can kind of get stuck in this place and
it gets very hard to get out so you get
something that always generates one
image or always generates one sentence
or something um so there are ways there
are ways to prevent this one solution is
basically you can use the other elements
in a mini batch as side information for
the discriminator and what this allows
you to do is basically say you can look
at the other generated elements and if
it starts generating things that all
look the same the discriminator will be
able to say
we all of these look the same they must
all be fake and then helps prevent from
generating the same sentence or image
all the time
and then there's also other there's
other methods for this another problem
for training is overconfident
discriminators so at the beginning of
training it's often very very easy to
tell the difference between generated
and fake examples so one way to fix this
is label smoothing so I think I talked
about label smoothing here before I
don't remember no okay
so the idea of label smoothing is
normally when we do a prediction test
were optimizing the probability of why
we're white pineapple side and I use the
correct answer here so normally we
optimize the probability of the correct
answer the idea behind label smoothing
is the model will become overconfident
in predicting the correct answer so
instead of directly predicting if we
have if we have a distribution over our
choices instead of trying to optimize
the probability where the probability of
the correct answer is 100 key numbers is
zero we actually change our targets to
something where we add a little bit of
the probability all of the other ones
so so then we kind of predicts our our
correct answer with 95% confidence and
all the others with one is this
basically prevents your model from being
too sure about its predictions and kind
of spreads out your spreads out your
confidence over other other predictions
that you could make so sorry that
sentence adds halfway through and this
one they they basically propose doing
this over only one only one side I
believe this was for smoothing the
predictions over the real side although
you have you have to labels um you have
real and fake so basically what you do
is instead of trying to predict the
correct label with a hundred percent
confidence you try to predict the
correct label with 99 percent confidence
and if you get over that then you stop
so um this idea of label smoothing this
is useful in general so something we we
in Paul who I work with his found that
this seems to work quite well and a
couple of their papers have figured this
have used this in ANOVA he tasks okay so
that's the overview of ganz um now I'd
like to talk about applying against a
text are there any other questions so
far okay so there's a couple of
applications of Gann objectives to
language so there's scans for language
generation ganz for MT ganz for dialogue
generation so this has been a very very
popular topic nowadays and I think
rightfully so it's you know it's a nice
model but there's a very big problem so
the reason why ganz weren't applied to
text immediately is because there's the
very big problem that we're all familiar
with know which is that we cannot back
hop through discrete through discrete
decisions so specifically here when we
convert with a generator and generate X
fake this is a sequence of discrete
symbols so we cannot back route through
it um but luckily over the past two
classes I've passed three classes I
guess I've talked about a whole bunch of
different ways to solve this problem so
actually just applying these methods
we use um seems to be relatively
effective for solving these so there's
uh as I said there's a bunch of papers
but I'd say the great majority of them
they use policy gradient like like
reinforcement learning type methods or
minimum risk training type methods that
basically do sampling and then treat the
discriminator loss is a reward and then
back propagate that appropriately
according to the or and then you said
appropriately according to the
reinforcement learning a second example
uses a kind of adversarial objective
with the reaper a motorisation trick for
latent variables using the the Gumbel
they believe this was the Gumbel's
straight through or double-stuffed max
estimator i forget exactly which one it
was using so you can also use the reaper
a motorisation trick that I talked about
less so because I've already talked
about these I'm not going to talk about
them in detail they're almost exactly
the same as the other other ones um the
one thing that you need to think about
is discriminators for sequences so how
do we train a discriminator over over
sequences to decide whether it's a real
looking sequence or not um and here the
important thing is basically that this
is just a it's basically just a sentence
classification problem um if we're
creating a generative model for text
then this is just sentence
classification saying whether this is a
real texture this is a fake text and we
already know how to do sentence
classification so CN NS are the best way
of doing sentence classification at the
moment they're the most accurate they
learn most quickly so so in general
methods have been using CN NS
know that this is just when we're using
regular Siena's this is methods that
would be generating a single output X
often will also want to use against or
something that looks so up like again
when we're taking in an input X and we
would like to output an output Y so for
like machine translation or our dialogue
response generation or something like
that
so if that's the case it gets a little
bit more complicated but not a lot more
so and maybe the for the fourth or fifth
class maybe the fifth class here when I
talked about CNN's I also talked about
methods for CNN's over pairs of
sentences and CNN's over pairs of
sentences can also be or any there's
lots of different models of pairs of
sentences used in like natural language
inference paraphrase generation etc one
example from this paper by Muno is
basically a thing where they in they
title the word embeddings of the source
sentence and the targets emphasis and
run this through a run this through a
CNN that's more like a through D CNN
more like a CNN that we would use over
images as opposed to a CNN and over over
tech one D test so this model actually
is really difficult understand until you
figure out what's going on because
they're doing something that seems a
little bit strange but basically the
idea here is we have two sets of vectors
the vectors in the back of this tensor
are the target vectors the vectors in
the front of this tensor are the source
vectors then the source vectors are
distributed over rows and the target
vectors are distributed over columns so
what this basically means is that
actually the target vector you multiply
this
and times where n is going for the super
sentence here the source vector you
multiply and type M times where m is the
length of the is the length of the
target sentence so basically you're
duplicating these vectors so you get all
parents and I think if you look at this
picture for about two minutes you'll be
able to figure out what's going on or
you can look at the paper but basically
the idea here is that if we arrange
things in this way we can get a
relatively good thing that looks at both
the source and the target and tells us
whether this looks like a real
generation result or a favorable
generation any questions about that okay
so actually maybe maybe I should have
maybe I should have wrote Ganz for tech
start harder so Ganz in general are
pretty hard to trade like I said before
you know they have the mode collapse
problem and in various other problems
Ganz for text are even harder than that
because you have all the problems that
come with applying neural networks to
text um specifically this paper was a
very nice paper and that it showed they
showed all their hyper parameter values
and they did kind of an ablation over
various types of hyper rameters and none
of the hyper parameters worked except
the one that they finally reported as
their proposed model so this is better
than other papers on neural networks
where you try a whole bunch of
parameters and only report the one that
works this one they reported all the
ones that don't work also but basically
um they tried different types of
discriminators they try to discriminator
that used to CNN one that used in lsdm
and one that used to buy AA list IAM and
only the CNN happened to work here they
also did a thing where they trained
discriminator so that it would get a
certain level of accuracy and based on
that certain level of accuracy they
found one where they trade the
discriminator until it hit about 0.8
accuracy was perfect and all the other
ones fail if you're going to apply dance
to text you should definitely do this I
think that's basically what they did
they trained it until it got a accurate
nothing then they stopped the training
um I don't remember the exact schedule
to use so yeah this accuracy is on the
training data so um
another example of ganz for texts are
hard is you need to be careful with your
learning rate so this is a different
paper where they tried different
learning rates and the learning rate for
the generator was really important so
the perfect learning rate gives you good
accuracy the two lower learning rate
doesn't learn anything and too high a
learning rate fluctuates all over the
place and doesn't do well on the other
hand for the discriminator they found
this was not very important it was
basically the same for all of them so
one thing I should note here is that
these papers were written with basically
2016 Gann technology began technology in
2017 is better um I'll talk about some
at the end if I'd have some more time so
I think people are learning to be a
little bit better at how to train
against no so some of these results are
a little bit less true but um still it's
something that you should be very aware
yeah
[Music]
yeah the learning rate always depends on
a lot of different factors and there's
no you know perfect way to choose your
learning rate at the moment so it's
something to be aware of and if you're
not getting good results if it's
fluctuating your learning rate might be
too high if it's not learning anything
your learning rate might be too low so
it's just something you need to try
there's if you have a whole bunch of
hyper parameters and you don't want to
try everything there are good library
libraries for kind of automatically
tuning your hyper parameters for you
using stuff like Bayesian optimization
Bayesian optimization is like an
automatic type of parameter tuning
technique other people have said random
search just randomly setting all your
hyper parameters is a pretty good
alternative AC an optimization so if you
don't want to bother with tuning all of
them you could let something like that
run for a while and then see which one
ends up being good yeah any other
questions ok another so there's a couple
tricks people have used to stabilize
scan for texts dance for texts one is
with regards to credit assignments so
basically credit assignment like in
reinforcement learning is a problem in
games as well what you know from again
is basically whether your discriminators
said this whether your discriminator
said the sentence looks real or not so
it's exactly like a reward and
reinforcement learning that you only get
at the end of the sentence and then
reinforcement learning credit assignment
is a problem you don't know which word
was bad and caused it to make that
prison that prediction so so one
solution is to do something that assigns
reward for partial sequences so
for example if we have this we at the
beginning of our sentence we run our
discriminator over this and get a
discrimination score basically and maybe
the discrimination score is pretty low
because this looks like a reasonable
start of the sentence then you do it
over this is you do that it over this is
uh and then you do it over this is a
fake in the moment it sees fake it knows
it's a fake sentence and it gives a bad
discrimination score to it so then your
model basically knows that the moment it
started generating the word fake this
was a bad idea and it should have
generated something else so this is one
way that you can kind of avoid this
discredited assignment problem and then
maybe sentence doesn't change there's
another stabilization trick this was on
like the first paper that people
proposed for apply against text I think
I have a reference maybe I don't but so
instability is a problem so one way you
can fix this is basically by doing
multiple multiple rollouts
so the idea is you start search up here
this is your state and then basically
you start from a particular state and
then you roll out and do a whole bunch
of of generations and then you run
discriminator all over all of them and
kind of compare the reward between them
this is another way to make things more
stable like it was a way to make things
more stable for reinforcement
so this is kind of interesting an
interesting application that's not the
original it's not the original reason
for using Gans but it was one thing that
people have you tried using it for and
basically the discriminator tries to
find the fake data so what if what about
the real data what about the read real
data or what about the real data it
marks his face so this might be noisy
data and so they tried to select data in
the order of the discriminator score to
do this they said it's better than
selecting data randomly I don't know how
useful this is in general but it's
something to think about um so okay so
that was that was the talk about
generative adversarial networks um the
[Music]
next one is about adversarial feature
learning so just to come to contrast
these in generative adversarial networks
you have your X which gets a hidden
state extracted features and you
generate Y and then you use an adversary
to basically say whether Y is looks real
or fake or not um and this is good
because it lets you generate real
looking outputs but another very nice
way of doing learning is basically you
create an adversary over this H here so
this is saying the features you extract
that need to satisfy some property that
we learn using an adversarial objective
so why would you want to do this there's
a couple reasons um sometimes you have
non generative tasks so let's say you
have a sentence
classification tasks this is not a
generative task you don't generate you
don't generate an output that could be
just decided as real or fake
another reason is continuous features
are easier to optimize for than discrete
outputs so discrete outputs have all the
problems that I talked about before
sampling etc while continuous features
are easier to optimize so one example of
this this has been this is a recent
paper but it's actually quite popular
now as a way to do things but basically
if we want to do sentiment analysis or
some sort of classification over a whole
bunch of different domains we don't want
we basically don't want our model to be
fooled by specific words in that
specific domain so the idea is we have a
network we basically do our feature
extraction of to get feature us and then
after this we have our labeled predictor
which is kind of a neural network that
predicts this classification or does any
other sort of task but then on the
bottom we have a domain classifier so
this domain classifier will try to
predict which domain this data came from
and if the domain classifier is
effective at doing this then it will if
the domain classifier is effective at
doing this then that means we're
learning domain-specific representations
which is bad so we penalize the feature
extractor anytime the domain classifier
is successful um as I was doing a as I
was doing a survey for this I found this
paper which is kind of an interesting
application of this which is basically
saying
let's say we have an application where
we want to deploy a system but we don't
have enough training data one thing we
can do is we can generate training data
fake training data and train our
classifier on this fake training data
but we also have a small amount of real
training data so we want the adversary
to basically make sure that our
synthetic are the features extracted
from our synthetic training data aren't
any different from the features
extracted from our real training people
so it's a kind of it's a nice way to
apply this to two tasks where we can
generate data they also had another
thing where they had some data that was
older than some other data and they
trained a discriminator so you couldn't
discriminate between those as well um
there is other examples of learning
language and variant us are you going oh
we assume it's given so like let's say
we're doing sentiment analysis over
Amazon reviews we know what category the
review belongs to so we have the label
um if you don't have the label I don't
know if you can do this you might be
able to train a classifier on a small
set of labeled data and then use deaths
is your true labels but I yeah yeah
um no not necessarily so like one one
interesting way to think about neural
networks is in general is neural
networks are feature extractors and if
you think about what feature extraction
means basically it means getting thing
finding things that are relevant and
throwing away everything else so you
don't eat if everything in the text was
relevant you wouldn't even need a
feature extractor you could just take
all of the text and input it into your
classifier and then then use it as is
but the reason why we do feature
extraction in the first place is to kind
of find the relevant information and
what this is telling us is some of the
information that you're finding is
actually not relevant like we want to
remove the information about the domain
because we know that's not going to be
relevant when we make our classification
decisions and by giving a little bit of
extra supervision about what is relevant
and what is not relevant you learn
things that generalize better tahn see
data is of course if domain label and
class label are highly correlated then
this is a bad idea this is only a good
idea what domain label and class label
shouldn't be correlated significance any
other questions
okay so um we can do a very similar
thing for learning language in variant
representations so this is like exactly
the same figure huh
the only difference is now they're
classifying English or Chinese so you
have training data in English you have
training data in Chinese and you try to
discriminate between English and Chinese
well which language this came from the
idea is exactly the same it's it's
exactly the same but it's a little bit
more ambitious I guess because the
difference between domains is not it's
not as I guess the difference between
domains it's not as big is the
difference between languages so it's not
in tight it wouldn't be entirely clear a
priori that having an adversarial
effective like this would work but it
actually does work um this is a plug for
my own paper it also works on machine
translations so if you want to train a
machine translation model with multiple
with multiple languages is input it
works to have an adversarial objective
that tries to prevent the
representations from being different so
similarly we can apply this to multitask
learning so this is a little bit
trickier than the other ones so the
previous ones here these are
straightforward applications of the
previous one basically we're taking the
whole the whole representation in trying
to discriminate with it the idea behind
adversarial multitask learning here is
some tasks should share some features so
maybe some features are relevant for
both sentiment analysis and I don't know
and topic classification or something
like that but some features are not
and the idea here is you can you can
train a model where some of the features
are shared between the two desks and
some of the futures are not shared
between the two tasks but you basically
can't if you just train the model as is
some of the stuff that's relevant to
both tests will leak into the into the
kind of private representations and some
of those stuff that is not relevant both
of the tasks will weaken to this kind of
shared representation that both of the
testers so what they do is they
basically have this adversarial shared
private model where what they do is they
have an adversarial discriminator on the
shared features to try to push them
together then they have orthogonality
constraints on the separate features to
make sure that they're capturing
different information from each other so
we don't want the the private
representations to be similar so you try
to you try to force them and this is a
kind of this is the last slide on an
adversarial feature learning but it's
not really learning features so much
it's um it's kind of a very clever
application I thought though and the
idea is basically that in in discourse
parsing which we're going to talk about
maybe next Tuesday or Hector's going to
talk about next Tuesday um you have an
idea of discourse connectives or
discourse relations and discourse
relations are often marked by explicit
discourse connectives so what we mean by
explicit that's you have one sentence
and then you have because
you you also have sentences that don't
have any explicit discourse connected
but they still have a discourse relation
and you try to generate representations
based on both of these sentences and you
want the representation for the one with
the explicit discourse connective to be
very similar to the one without the
explicit discourse connective so I I
never thought about using things like
using a adversarial objective in this
way so I thought this was a pretty
clever way of use of things so if you
have a similar problem where sometimes
your information is explicit and
sometimes your information is not
explicit then something like this might
be might be something useful to use oh
this this was work done partially by
people here at CMU and partially by okay
so that's um that's it for the
adversarial feature learning are there
any questions I only have two more
slides so we might finish a little bit
early okay so I will move on to the next
one um this method is kind of it's very
much a mix between adversarial
objectives on the outputs in adversarial
objectives on the features I think it's
a kind of clever idea also and it gets
around the the problem of it gets around
the problem of having to make discrete
decisions in your alpha generation and
yeah it's halfway between the
discriminator on discrete outputs and
feature learning so the basic idea is
this is for when you want to generate a
sequence of tokens like in text
generation or machine translation or
whatever so what you do is you generate
the output sequence according to the
model but you train the the
discriminator on the hidden states so
what that looks like is basically this
is
your gender generation process you take
X and you generate Y according to an RNN
or whatever but instead of applying the
the adversary to Y you applied the
adversary to H directly and because H is
a continuous vector you can apply an
adversary directly to it without
worrying about your sampling decisions
etc so the idea is is quite simple um
one interesting application of this is
that this was used for unsupervised
style transfer for text so the if you
want to transform text from one
[Music]
basically from one language to not one
language sorry one style to another then
this is a method that you can use so
they have two potential styles one is
for example like one is positive and one
is negative sentences and they use a
professor forcing objective to basically
discriminate between sentences where you
have the true style being one or or
whether it's a sentence where you have
the truth now one or whether it's a
generated sentence where you have two to
one sound to be transformed and then you
have another discriminator for vice
versa so you basically have one
discriminator that tries to discriminate
between true and fake style one true and
fake style - um oh sorry I forgot I
forgot one very important thing
um so if you just did this then it would
be easy - it would be easy to fake just
randomly generate a sentence of style
one but they also have an objective
where you need to map back so it's kind
of like an autoencoder
an autoencoder tech objective to make
sure that you can you can restore your
original sentence as well so these two
are balanced together um and they have
some interesting examples of this
negative positive like I would recommend
find another place becomes I would
recommend this place again which is
actually pretty funny because it has
like find another place and again you
have the like repeating thing here and
do not like it at all oh no it's great
I regret not having the time to shop
around I have a great experience here
then you also have average Mexican food
becomes authentic Italian food so
there's still hope there's still some
future work to be done here but uh given
that this is unsupervised I think it did
a pretty good pretty good job um so
that's that's about all I have I think
there's a lot more potential
applications for this if you're doing
something like this I think a lot of
people are interested so I would urge
you to try to come up with kind of
creative ways to use things like as
opposed to just applying it to your
problem but I think it's a really nice
tool to have in your toolbox if you want
to do so any other questions sir
okay it's a little bit early but I'll
finish up here thanks